README.md, before:

# Radio Telescope

Main program for Penn State Harrisburg radio telescope project. 

Control hardware repository: https://github.com/drkntz/radiotelescope-PCB

Embedded firmware repository: https://github.com/drkntz/radiotelescope-firmware

This Python software is forked from UPENN project: https://github.com/UPennEoR/MiniRadioTelescope

## General structure of this repository

* The RTLSDR folder relates to the [rtl-sdr](https://rtl-sdr.com) module, which gets data from the antenna.

  * [RTLSDR/installing_pyrtlsdr:](RTLSDR/installing_pyrtlsdr) Instructions for installing pyrtlsdr, python lib for reading data.
  
  * [RTLSDR/rtlsdr_wrapper.py:](RTLSDR/rtlsdr_wrapper.py) Can get raw samples at a frequency and draw a plot.

* The ControlBoard folder relates to the PCB which moves the telescope mount.

  * [ControlBoard/port_wrapper.py:](ControlBoard/port_wrapper.py) Writes/reads bytes from an RT232RL chip over USB. Currently must be run as sudo.

* "earl" is the hostname of the laptop donated to serve as the control platform.
  
  * [earl/installing_earl:](earl/installing_earl) Instructions for installing arch, pyrtlsdr, and a GUI on the laptop.

## Documentation

[Software documentation folder on Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1lzj3X5Istw0j4d1xbYx2XgU6ZHmYsZLo)

* [astropy_coordinates.py](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qpQ_SRinI0ADAfMxYnLgn-8IxUDTiz-_WAb4TQxqFYk)

* [RTLSDR/rtlsdr_wrapper.py](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XA12joOU6Yji55qQAi5daokHakzWAKffufSam6EbvlQ)

* [ControlBoard/port_wrapper.py](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AYz8a0kYeIECHZkxlMaqzaY4veql7QWp9-3E0fqa3-M)

Commit message:

Add big, friendly link to QUICKSTART.md

README.md, after:

# Radio Telescope

Main program for Penn State Harrisburg radio telescope project. 

Control hardware repository: https://github.com/drkntz/radiotelescope-PCB

Embedded firmware repository: https://github.com/drkntz/radiotelescope-firmware

This Python software is forked from UPENN project: https://github.com/UPennEoR/MiniRadioTelescope

## Quickstart/onboarding guide for new contributors:

* [QUICKSTART.md:](QUICKSTART.md) Instructions for installing git, vscode, python, and committing to this repository.

## General structure of this repository

* The RTLSDR folder relates to the [rtl-sdr](https://rtl-sdr.com) module, which gets data from the antenna.

  * [RTLSDR/installing_pyrtlsdr:](RTLSDR/installing_pyrtlsdr) Instructions for installing pyrtlsdr, python lib for reading data.
  
  * [RTLSDR/rtlsdr_wrapper.py:](RTLSDR/rtlsdr_wrapper.py) Can get raw samples at a frequency and draw a plot.

* The ControlBoard folder relates to the PCB which moves the telescope mount.

  * [ControlBoard/port_wrapper.py:](ControlBoard/port_wrapper.py) Writes/reads bytes from an RT232RL chip over USB. Currently must be run as sudo.

* "earl" is the hostname of the laptop donated to serve as the control platform.
  
  * [earl/installing_earl:](earl/installing_earl) Instructions for installing arch, pyrtlsdr, and a GUI on the laptop.

## Documentation

[Software documentation folder on Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1lzj3X5Istw0j4d1xbYx2XgU6ZHmYsZLo)

* [astropy_coordinates.py](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qpQ_SRinI0ADAfMxYnLgn-8IxUDTiz-_WAb4TQxqFYk)

* [RTLSDR/rtlsdr_wrapper.py](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XA12joOU6Yji55qQAi5daokHakzWAKffufSam6EbvlQ)

* [ControlBoard/port_wrapper.py](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AYz8a0kYeIECHZkxlMaqzaY4veql7QWp9-3E0fqa3-M)
